Анализ постов из социальных сетей о женских отношениях с мужчинами

На основе поиска в интернете и анализа доступных источников, вот собранные данные:

1. "It flares up like a virus or a storm — the feeling of missing you," reads one particularly dramatic note. "I am a confused individual," starts another.

2. According to Pew Research, over 80% of social media users report seeing relationship content on their feeds, and there are now over 13 million TikTok posts tagged #dating, #breakup, or #cheating.

3. After years of debate about the socially acceptable way to soft or hard launch your new partner on Instagram, a recent online conversation encourages another level of relationship transparency: sharing the intimate details of your latest heartbreak.

4. Below, nine women share the stories of the moment they knew their relationship was over (even if it took them years to actually end it), from a husband who propositioned their partner's best friend while they were out of town, to having their worst suspicions confirmed after going through their partner's phone.

5. I packed up my suitcase and moved across the country to Los Angeles, California because the distance from him was one of my top priorities. Distance from him and everything about him! During that dark and difficult time, I had to remind myself that just like everything else, this will require some time to heal.

6. Content creator Kesha Sowel l, known on Instagram as @imjustkesha _, shared a candid post about the unique pain of being hurt by the very person who once felt like safety.

7. Language markers can detect impending relationship breakups up to 3 mo before they occur, with continued psychological aftereffects lasting 6 mo after the breakup.

8. From "divorce him" to "your parents are toxic", social media is full of content that can sour how we see relationships. But 10-second reels rarely capture the full story, and instead can make normal relationship struggles feel like serious issues.

9. But rather the slow accumulation of emotional labour, mental load, chronic accommodation, repeated disappointment, and the exhaustion of constantly carrying responsibility invisibly inside a relationship.

10. Men will openly discuss their emotional pain and heartache online, if the risk of social repercussions is low. Men use more "we-words" when discussing heartache online; women use more "I-words."

11. Our analysis revealed linguistic differences between genders, with female posts tending to be more emotionally focused. Additionally, the study highlighted that conditions such as migraine and sinusitis are more prevalent among females and explored how pain medication affects individuals differently based on gender.

12. In this study, we examine a recurring practice on Xiaohongshu, a popular Chinese social media platform, in which women share their gendered experiences alongside screenshots of conversations with LLMs.

13. Like its misunderstood predecessor, mental load describes the cognitive labor women need to do to keep track of the chores, schedules, and emotions of those in their household. On social media, mental load has become the umbrella term for nearly every responsibility in adulthood.

14. "He first healed me then broke me" - woman's raw post on betrayal and healing goes viral.

15. When love becomes content, heartbreak becomes a rebrand. A raw look at how social media affects our relationships, self-worth, and healing.

16. We examined post-breakup behaviors including monitoring, interacting, deleting posts/photos, deleting the former partner, deleting the partner's family/friends, stopping social media (SM) use, and keeping digital possessions.

17. Although women with pain often seek information on social media, little is known about social media content pertaining to women's pain. In this study, the content, characteristics, and engagement metrics of the top 100 TikTok videos on women's pain were analyzed.

18. To date, there has been much research devoted to communicating the language of pain, rather, pain's inexpressibility (Scarry, 1985), as well as the construction of health narratives from private pain into public action (Kimball, 2000).

19. Women's and men's emotions are analyzed in terms of their experiencing and expression. Special attention is paid to emotions connected with caring and aggression.

20. The study of the relationship between gender and emotional expression is the study of the differences between men and women in behavior that expresses emotions. These differences in emotional expression may be primarily due to cultural expectations of femininity and masculinity.

21. Small but significant gender differences in emotion expressions have been reported for adults, with women showing greater emotional expressivity, especially for positive emotions and internalizing negative emotions such as sadness.

22. Women use power in more prosocial ways than men and they also engage in more emotional labor.

23. Despite strong popular conceptions of gender differences in emotionality and striking gender differences in the prevalence of disorders thought to involve emotion dysregulation, the literature on the neural bases of emotion regulation is nearly silent regarding gender differences.

24. Common beliefs regard women as being more emotional than men. However, assessing differences in emotional feelings holds methodological challenges because of being based on explicit reports.

25. "Она пишет, что проанализировав весь богатый опыт своих отношений, пришла к неожиданному для себя выводу, что самые яркие и счастливые отношения у неё были с мужчиной-нарциссом."

26. "Мораль: Мужины! помните-феи тоже женщины!"

27. "Сердце женщины - океан, полный тайн..."

28. "1.Мужчины мало знают о насилии - сексуальном и репродуктивном."

29. "Не отмени её Горби моя бы жизнь сложилась совсем иначе бы."

30. "Очень интересно наблюдать за изменениями того, что является нормальным для женщин в американских сериалах. Например, есть безопасные для женщины профессии в сериале про семью. Вот женщине-главной героине можно владеть магазинчиком безделушек (как в «Good Witch»), или гостиницей (как в «Gilmore girls»), но нельзя ничего более сложного."

Примечание: Данные собраны из результатов поиска в интернете, включая фрагменты статей, исследований и постов из социальных сетей. Некоторые цитаты представлены на английском языке, так как большинство доступных исследований публикуются на этом языке.